---
layout: splash
---

# About me

I'm a computer science student at Purdue University and simulations programmer
at Purdue's Envision Center for Data Perceptualization. My areas of interest
include game development, networking, and security. My main tools of choice are
Unity (or sometimes panda3d) for game development and Python for everything
else. Below are some of my personal projects as well as games I've worked on
for game jams.

# Projects

## Underlord

![]({{site.url}}/assets/screen5.png)

Underlord is an open source online wizard battling card game, inspired by games
like Magic: the Gathering and Hearthstone. In Underlord, you get more resources
as you get closer to losing, and you must play cards face-down before you can
use them on your next turn. It has [its own
website](https://underlordcg.github.io).

## Bad Fanfic Finder

![]({{site.url}}/assets/screen3.png)

This script attempts to find the worst possible fanfiction from fanfiction.net
by searching for keywords that are likely to indicate low quality writing (such
as common typos). You can find it
[here](https://github.com/hpoggie/bad_fanfic_finder).

# Game Jams

## G\*\*gle Chr\*me

![]({{site.url}}/assets/screen2.png)

A top-down action game made for [Ludum Dare
42](https://ldjam.com/events/ludum-dare/42/ggle-chrme) where you must survive
as long as possible before your computer runs out of RAM. No, that's not a
joke; the enemies allocate a 4k texture every time they spawn. __I strongly
recommend saving your work and closing all other applications before playing.__

## Lost in Transmission

![]({{site.url}}/assets/screen4.png)

A game made with a team for [Global Game Jam
2018](https://globalgamejam.org/2018/games/lit-lost-transmission-0) where you
have to listen to a numbers station to get the codes you need to turn on
generators while avoiding enemy robots. I did the audio as well as some of the
programming.
