---
layout: post
title: Jekyll
slug: jekyll
date: '2017-11-08 10:36:01-05:00'
---

Jekyll produces very nice looking results, but setting it up can be
a pain. Here are a few things I've learned.

# 1. Github Pages doesn't support most themes

To see a list of all the supported themes, go [here][themes]. If you
really want to use an unsupported theme, you can render it out to `_site`
and then push that.

# 2. Using GitHub Pages themes locally

Put `gem "github-pages", group: :jekyll_plugins` in your Gemfile, then do
`bundle install`. You can then run your server with `bundle exec jekyll
serve --safe`. Running it without `bundle exec` probably will not work,
because your site needs the `github-pages` gem. `--safe` makes jekyll
ignore symbolic links and disables custom plugins. Github pages uses the
`--safe` option when generating your site, so you should make sure it
works with that option.

For more information about setting up GitHub Pages, go [here][jdocs].

# 3. Hacking the themes

You can modify colors, etc. by editing `assets/css/style.scss`. Put the
following at the top:

{% raw %}
```
---
---

@import "{{ site.theme }}";
```
{% endraw %}

Then put any css you want below it.

It took me forever to get this to work for some reason. Part of the
problem was that my file was named `style.css` instead of `style.scss`.
That will cause anything you put in it to fail without giving an error of
any kind.

# Other tips

- Make sure to do `jekyll serve` from the root of the project, otherwise
  weird stuff will happen, including a `_site` directory being generated
  in the directory you're currently in. I don't know why jekyll lets you
  do this. Don't do it.
- Any files you want to include using `{% raw %}{% include foo %}{% endraw %}`
  have to be placed in `_includes`.

[themes]: https://pages.github.com/themes

[jdocs]: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/github-pages/
